Hi, Welcome to the demonstration of VMware vRealize Operations
plugin for HPE SimpliVity.
Users have been waiting for a tool to monitor their HPE SimpliVity
hyper converged infrastructure objects through a
single interface. Now the HPE SimpliVity vROps plugin
allows you do just that and more through the VMware vRealize
operations manager. It allows
you to track the capacity,
performance and compute information of your HPE SimpliVity objects
Custom dashboards allow you to monitor
the data which are HPE SimpliVity specific. The Analytics engine
allows for proactive monitoring of the HPE SimpliVity
infrastructure and indicates the
state of the resources.
Now let's see how we can set up the HPE SimpliVity vROps
Management Pack. First, download
the specific management pack
file with the extension .pak from the SimpliVity vROps github repository
repository. You can go through the Readme to understand
which .pak file is compatible with your vROps manager.
Once you have downloaded the .pak file into the
local environment, access your vROps manager and log in with
your credentials. Now go to
administration on the top
followed by the repository
section on the left. Scroll down
until you see an option to add/upgrade.
Click on this to
install your management pack.
Browse to your management pack
file you have downloaded earlier.
Select the necessary
options applicable and click
on upload. Once your upload is
done, click on next to read
the end user license agreement. Accept the license and install
the management pack. Once you
have done with the
installation, you can see the installed management pack in the
repository tab.
To configure your management
pack, go to other accounts and
click on add account. Select the HPE SimpliVity management pack and
enter in your Federation details like the name of the Federation,
OVC/MVA IP address and
the credentials. Click on plus
sign to add the credentials for
the OVC/MVA. Now click on test connection to see if a
secure connection can be
established. Once it gives you a
successful response, you can add
your Federation and the adapter
will start collecting data for
this Federation. Like this you
can add multiple Federation and
track this data at the same
place. Once the status becomes OK you can see the data
collected in the dashboards. vROps adapter makes use of HPE
SimpliVity REST API available from the OVC or MVA,
to collect this data.
Now let's explore the dashboards
and see how the data is
displayed in the dashboards.
The first dashboard, as you can
see, is that Getting Started for
HPE SimpliVity. This dashboard provides you a high level
overview of each dashboards and the link for the same.
Let's see our Federation
dashboard. As you can see all
the federations configured to
the management pack appears on
the HPE SimpliVity Federation dashboard. You can see the top
federations by the free space and
allocated capacity. Once you
choose a Federation from the
Federation list, you can see the
clusters are filtered and the
scoreboard as well as the
rolling view chart gets loaded. You can see all the capacity
information for the selected
Federation in the scoreboard
widget and the same data as a
historical timeline in the
rolling view chart. The chart help you understand the trend in
which you're consuming the
resources and helps you make
appropriate decisions based on this.
These dashboards contain SimpliVity specific data,
such as deduplication,
compression, and efficiency
ratios, capacity savings and
other data. The data gets
updated every 5 minutes so
that you can monitor your
infrastructure in real time.
All the dashboards provide the
same look and feel as the
Federation dashboard,
providing customers a good way
to monitor their environment
easily.
Cluster dashboard. It also have
the top clusters by allocated
capacity and free space, rolling view chart and the scoreboard to
show the latest values. Besides
these data we get to observe
that performance changes of the selected cluster through the IOPS,
throughput and latency metric
charts. Performance data is
updated to each minute, making
this a great way to keep track
of your infrastructure
performance. Host dashboard. This
is the exact same as the cluster
dashboard, but at the host level
you can also view the list of
virtual machines available in
the selected host in the last
widget. VM dashboard. In this dashboard you get to
view the compute and memory
information along with
capacity and performance. You
can also keep track of the
state of the virtual machine
from this dashboard.
Backup dashboard. It lists the backups for all the virtual
machines, from the configured federations. You can see the
information about the
backups in the scoreboard.
Unique backup size is not available in vROps by
default, as its calculation
is a resource intensive
operation. Users can trigger
the calculation whenever
needed through the HPE SimpliVity REST API.
Capacity dashboard. This is a different dashboard which helps
in viewing the capacity information across different HPE
SimpliVity objects. Selection on each level filters the list
below and populate the scoreboard beside with the
capacity information. That is,
if a Federation is selected from
Federation list then the widgets
below get filtered with the
clusters of selected Federation.
This process continues for the rest of the SimpliVity objects
listed below as well.
This is a great dashboard as users will be able to view
capacity information of different HPE SimpliVity objects together.
Performance dashboard. It has the same design as
capacity dashboard. It helps in
viewing performance metrics
across the SimpliVity objects side by side as charts.
We also provide modularize dashboard splitted across
capacity and performance data for all SimpliVity objects, as
you can see in the video.
Metric configuration and logs. Each of the dashboard widgets
are configured using a metric
configuration file which you can
access from metric configuration
in configuration section of the
administration tab. You can edit
these files to customize the
dashboard data and the unit in
which they are shown. You can
also access the logs of the
management pack for self
diagnosis of the system.
Go to logs in support section
of administration tab and go
to the collector folder to open up collector.log file
to view the logs.
IT Administration had been made easy for HPE SimpliVity
using vROps. IT Administrators are able to
monitor their SimpliVity infrastructure in a single
portal along with other
plugins which are available
for vROps manager. This concludes the demo and thank
you for your attention.